# Initial Setup

You'll need a few things set up ahead of time in order to proceed with this. If you don't have these you'll have to do that first, or ask for assistance in setting everything up.

- Text Editor - [Visual Studio](https://code.visualstudio.com/download) or similar.
- Node/NPM - [NVM](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) recommended if you don't have it yet.
- SSH - Recommended, See [Github Docs](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/connecting-to-github-with-ssh/generating-a-new-ssh-key-and-adding-it-to-the-ssh-agent) for details and make sure you select the correct OS.
- Terminal - Optional, if not using VSCode or an editor/OS with one built in.

## Moser Consulting Package Management

This app **does** use a private Github package repository, so if you haven't set up your `.npmrc` file yet, you'll need to do that first.

1. Create the file `~/.npmrc` - `touch ~/.npmrc` (or `code ~/.npmrc` if using VSCode).
1. Create a Github access token - [Helpful Link](https://github.com/settings/tokens).
    1. Click `Generate new token`.
    1. Enter a name and expiration (Ex: `Moser NPM`, 30 Days).
    1. Select the `read:packages` scope.
    1. Click `Generate token` at the bottom.
    1. Keep this page open.
1. In your `~/.npmrc` file, put the following. Replace `TOKEN` with the token you just generated on Github.

    ```txt
      //npm.pkg.github.com/:_authToken=TOKEN
    ```

1. Save the file and you should be good to go.

## Cloning/Starting The App

Vite makes starting the app super easy, so here's the steps to hit the ground running.

1. Clone this repository - `git@github.com:moser-inc/intern-onboarding.git`
1. Hop into the folder - `cd intern-onboarding`
1. Run NPM Install - `npm i`
1. Start the App - `npm run dev`
1. Test the App - Go to your browser at the link that shows up after starting.

This page will auto-reload as you make changes, so now you can start coding!
